# Final Blog Assignemt

### Experiences and feelings: 

Before this course, I didn't know anything about majors that I might choose to study. After 6 weeks, thanks to Mr.Peter Farrel and Mr.Jonathan celling, I have learned some new knowledge about majors and can make my own decision to choose the major that I want to study which is IT. During the class, I experienced 2 different teaching styles from Mr.Peter and Mr.Jonathan. The teaching style of Mr.Peter is to give students some tasks or activities after a short teach to make sure students understand that part. This teaching style can help students a lot in understanding the lesson, but it also makes students exhausted after every Mr.Peter's class. On the other hand, Mr.Jonathan's teaching style is very relaxing, sometimes he gives students interesting activities. For example in the last week when the lesson is about memories and eyes, Mr.Jonathan gave students an activity to prove that humans have short memories and long memories. The activity was to watch some random numbers and then read aloud the hard pronounced paragraph, then try to remember and tell the teacher the random numbers, only 3 out of 6 students were able to say the right numbers. During the class, I also learned some useful knowledge for my IT career such as using GitHub. In the beginning, I was like a white paper, I didn't know anything about codes and didn't know what to do to create a GitHub page. Thanks to the enthusiasm of Mr.Jonathan for explaining many times to help me understand because his British accent was quite new to me at the beginning, I have used GitHub and be more confident in studying IT. 

### Action plan: 

During the course, I realize that there are many downsides that I need to improve. Such as pronunciation and confidence in speaking with foreigners. I did have some chat with Mr.Jonathan 2 times, first is about the MAC and Window computer. The second time is about air crashes investigated film on Netflix. My speaking skill was not perfect as other students in RMIT both times had chats with Mr.Jonathan. In the future, I will need to chat more with foreigners to practice my speaking skill and listening skills as well
